Update prometheus.exporter.blackbox.md (#2322)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.blackbox.md

[disc]: ../discovery.file/
[relabel]: ../discovery.relabel/

### Set instance label to target url

> Some dashboards may expect the `instance` label on the Blackbox metrics to contain the value of the target url. Here's how to achieve that with Prometheus relabeling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some dashboards may expect the `instance` label on the Blackbox metrics to contain the value of the target URL.
The following example demonstrates how to achieve that with Prometheus relabeling:
```

Small tweak to the wording

Author: This looks good to me!
